Introduction
	This case presents a question of first impression in this state, whether “intimate images” can constitute a new category of unprotected speech, unmoored by the tradition and history of the First Amendment, and contrary to the Federal copyright intellectual property regime. Moreover, this facts of this case presents a question about whether a person who makes “intimate images”, intends to make them for commercial purposes and agrees to commercially solicit and distribute these images to others, can subsequently “change their mind” and incarcerate a defendant for the same conduct that they admitted to committing previously.

	This court needs to re-examine two opinions it has issued in the past, and are leading legislators and judges to make mistakes of law, which have been repudiated by the US Supreme court in subsequent cases. This would result in significantly less people being wrongly convicted for their exercise of freedom of speech, or being denied post-conviction relief when they are incarcerated on facially invalid statues, where the state lacked authority to legislate.

	The first is State v. Robertson 293 Or. 402 at 416-17, 649 P.2d 569. (1982), which allows a content or viewpoint based statute to avoid strict scrutiny, if the statute is deemed to focus on “forbidden results”, a view which has been directly repudiated by Reed v. Town of Gilbert, Ariz, 135 S. Ct. 2218, 2228
“A law that is content based on its face is subject to strict scrutiny regardless of the government’s benign motive, content-neutral justification, or lack of ‘animus toward the ideas contained’ in the regulated speech”
See also US v. Stevens, 559 U.S. 460, 30 S.Ct. 1577 (2010) 
"From 1791 to the present," however, the First Amendment has "permitted restrictions upon the content of speech in a few limited areas," and has never "include[d] a freedom to disregard these traditional limitations."  These "historic and traditional categories long familiar to the bar," including Obscenity,  defamation,  fraud,  incitement , and speech integral to criminal conduct, are "well-defined and narrowly limited classes of speech, the prevention and punishment of which have never been thought to raise any Constitutional problem," 
	
The Second is Palmer v. State of Oregon, 867 P. 2d 1368 which has been interpreted as denying the right to post conviction relief or habeas corpus, for persons who have been convicted under facially invalid statutes where the state lacks subject matter jurisdiction. This court should distinguish that (“[A] statute that is vague only as-applied to the defendant may still be constitutional as-applied to others, and it thus does not strip the court of its power to enter a judgment under the statute.”) United States v. Phillips, 645 F.3d 859, 863 (7th Cir. 2011). Since it dealt only with non-jurisdictional claims, it should not foreclose others which are jurisdictional such as facially invalid statutes, double jeopardy, federal subject matter preemption, and crimes committed in “Indian Country” (tribal land) by Indians. 

This has been repudiated by the Menna-Blackledge doctrine, which does not allow procedural defaults or waivers to “the right not to be haled into court at all”, because “They challenge the Government's power to criminalize Class' (admitted) conduct. They thereby call into question the Government's power to "`constitutionally prosecute'" him.”
Class v. US, 138 S. Ct. 798, 803 (2018). See e.g. State v. Hess, 159 P. 3d 309,312 N.4 (2007) (”A party may raise the issue of lack of subject matter jurisdiction at any time.”) see also State v. Keys, 368 Or. 171, 189 (“Subject matter jurisdiction cannot be waived”)


STATEMENT OF HISTORICAL AND PROCEDURAL FACTS

	Petitioner was convicted of 5 misdemeanor counts of ORS 163.472 “Unlawful Dissemination of an Intimate Image” to be served consecutively. Appellant was denied his 6th amendment right to counsel, and made a contemporaneous objection at the beginning of trial, that defense counsel was not representing him the way he wanted to be represented. At the trial the victim admits to sending petitioner a copyright takedown of the images, petitioner submitted a motion to remove the matter to federal court because it is preempted by the copyright act.


	Petitioner raised issues in his post conviction petition, that the statute is unconstitutional both as applied and on its face. Moreover petitioner raised ineffective assistance of counsel, both for his failure to present an as applied challenge to the statute, among other trial errors. Such as:

First is a class of claims that petitioners counsel was wrong on the law, using overruled precedents which allow content based statutes to avoid strict scrutiny, and ignoring other more strict doctrines such as “prior restraint” and “viewpoint” based doctrines. Counsel ignored “complete preemption” under U.S. copyright law 17 USC 30 , 28 USC 1338(a) in response to the argument that property rights are a historical exception to the first amendment under strict scrutiny. Counsel ignored that the Communications Decency Act 47 USC 230 preempts state laws creating liability for publishing information (images) which are obtained from others.

	Second is a class of claims that petitioner's counsel was aware that the victim admitted at trial being aware that these images were sent to pornographers to solicit money and that she agreed to that but later changed her mind. Counsel was also aware that the victim admitted at trial that she had given these same images to her friends, who then went to the petitioner to extort the petitioner into not talking about her online. Counsel was also aware that petitioner and victim had agreed on numerous occasions, both in a marriage contract and in several disputes, that they would have “complete transparency” in all matters, and had discussed in text the purpose of the “complete transparency” was to protect the petitioner from her apparent mental illness or lies, but that she had relied upon this “complete transparency” when sending these to her friends. 

	Opposing counsel’s position is that it can post hoc balance its “compelling interest” to avoid strict scrutiny, stating that the state has a compelling interest in protecting a person from harassment, embarrassment, and their privacy, without providing the exact nature of the privacy right or the historical foundation for that right, and without the statute having the word privacy in it. They maintained there is no immunity for emotional distress torts, under the preemption statutes provided, for sharing an email that is sent to you by another person without their consent.

	Opposing counsel’s position is that the post-conviction relief is procedurally barred under Palmer v. State of Oregon, 867 P. 2d 1368, even ineffective assistance claims that “as-applied” challenges to the statute or charging instrument were not made at trial, that could not be brought on appeal because they were not raised at trial.

	Petitioner replies that Palmer v. State of Oregon 867 P. 2d 1368 only precludes non jurisdictional claims, and in contrast claims going to subject matter jurisdiction can be raised at any time, and can never be waived or forfeited, and if it did otherwise it would unconstitutionally suspend the writ of habeas corpus. 
QUESTIONS PRESENTED ON REVIEW

1. Is ORS 163.472 unconstitutional, and under what historical exemption to the First Amendment does it apply, and is it still nonetheless preempted by federal law?
2. Does Palmer v. State of Oregon 867 P. 2d 1368 interpret the PCHA (Post Conviction Hearing Act) to preclude all jurisdictional unconstitutional statute claims?
3. Does Palmer v. State of Oregon 867 P. 2d 1368 interpret the PCHA (Post Conviction Hearing Act) to preclude as facial unconstitutional statute claims, where those claims were not brought at trial by trial counsel, upon contemporaneous objection by his client?
4. Does Palmer v. State of Oregon 867 P. 2d 1368 interpret the PCHA (Post Conviction Hearing Act) to preclude as applied unconstitutional statute claims, where those claims were not brought at trial by trial counsel, upon contemporaneous objection by his client?
5. Does Palmer v. State of Oregon interpret the PCHA (Post Conviction Hearing Act) in a way that violates the Suspension clause by limiting the traditional scope of the writ of habeas corpus, because that interpretation was not grounded in the history of the writ, which was meant to challenge the jurisdiction of the court holding the person?

ARGUMENT
III Does Palmer v. State of Oregon 867 P. 2d 1368 interpret the PCHA (Post Conviction Hearing Act) to preclude as facial unconstitutional statute claims, where those claims were not brought at trial by trial counsel, upon contemporaneous objection by his client?

A. The Palmer decision is contrary to the Menna-Blackledge doctrine, which does not allow procedural defaults or waivers to “the right not to be haled into court at all”, because “They challenge the Government's power to criminalize Class' (admitted) conduct. They thereby call into question the Government's power to "`constitutionally prosecute'" him.” Class v. US, 138 S. Ct. 798, 803 (2018). See e.g. State v. Hess, 159 P. 3d 309,312 N.4 (2007) (”A party may raise the issue of lack of subject matter jurisdiction at any time." ) see also State v.. Keys 368 Or 171 189  “Subject matter jurisdiction cannot be waived”

	B The Palmer decision is contrary to Oregon law which allows as applied constitutional challenges on appeal even if they were not raised below: